README.md, before:

# Fourteen

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.0.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

updated readme to be more useful

README.md, after:

# This angular thing

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.0.0.

## Requirements
Running this application requires nodeJS. This application was tested on nodejs 20.7.0, but versions as early as 14.15.0 should be valid. 

## Installation
`npm install` to install the node modules

`npm install -g json-server` will install the json server that serves as a back end for the application.

## Development server
Run `json-server --watch db.json` to start the mock web service

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## How to use
The application is a fake bulletin board forum. You can see the posts by navigating to the forum link. 

In order to add your own ideas to the fake discussion you will need to log in. There is no meaningful user registration or tracking, this log in is purely to put your name on a post. Please do not pretend to be other people. Identity theft is not a joke, Jim.
